initial version of realtimer (#1)
membraneframework/membrane_realtimer_plugin: README.md

> # Membrane Realtimer Plugin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Membrane Realtimer plugin
```
In all repos we have `Membrane Xyz plugin`. `Membrane Xyz Plugin` looks better imo but let's follow the convention.

[![Hex.pm](https://img.shields.io/hexpm/v/membrane_realtimer_plugin.svg)](https://hex.pm/packages/membrane_realtimer_plugin)
[![API Docs](https://img.shields.io/badge/api-docs-yellow.svg?style=flat)](https://hexdocs.pm/membrane_realtimer_plugin/)
[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/membraneframework/membrane_realtimer_plugin.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/membraneframework/membrane_realtimer_plugin)

> Membrane element limiting playback speed to realtime, according to buffers' timestamps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Membrane plugin for limiting playback speed to realtime, according to buffers' timestamps.
```
